feat(scanner): add support for scanning folders (#212)
godaddy/tartufo: docs/source/features.rst

When used this way, `tartufo` will clone the repository to a temporary
directory, scan the local clone, and then delete it.

Scanning a Folder
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

This is scanning a local folder and does not look at git commit history. Ideal for locating

> secrets in the latest source files or files not in source control.

Reviewer: These sentences read a little bit awkwardly. Could we update them to something a little more friendly, maybe along the lines of

> Operating in this mode, tartufo scans the files in a local folder, rather than operating on git commit history. This is ideal for locating secrets in the latest version of source files, or files not in source control.

Author: I agree. I was matching the wording of the other mode.

```
This is the "classic" use case for ``tartufo``: Scanning the history of a git
repository. There are two ways to invoke this functionality, depending if you
are scanning a repository which you already have cloned locally, or one on a
remote system.
```

When used this way, `tartufo` will clone the repository to a temporary
directory, scan the local clone, and then delete it.

Scanning a Folder
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Operating in this mode, tartufo scans the files in a local folder, rather than
operating on git commit history. This is ideal for locating secrets in the latest
version of source files, or files not in source control.

.. code-block:: sh

   $ tartufo scan-folder .

.. code-block:: sh

   $ docker run --rm -v "/path/to/my/repo:/git" godaddy/tartufo scan-folder /git

.. note::

   If you are using ``podman`` in place of ``docker``, you will need to add the
   ``--privileged`` flag to the ``run`` command, in order to avoid a permission
   denied error.

>    This will scan all files and folders in the current working directory including

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This will scan all files and folders in the specified directory including
```
